Update Configuring_the_database_settings_in_Cube.md (#5011)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Databases/Configuring_dedicated_clustered_storage/Database_Configuration/Configuring_the_database_settings_in_Cube.md

      > [!NOTE]
      > The prefix has a maximum length of 20 characters. Prior to DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU5]/10.3.8<!-- RN 36503 -->, it has a maximum length of 11 characters.

>    - **DB server**: The IP addresses or hostnames of the nodes, separated by commas. If specified a port for each of the IP addresses or hostnames, it must be the Cassandra default port 9042 (see [Configuring the IP network ports](xref:Configuring_the_IP_network_ports)). <!-- removed for the time being RN 34590 -->

Reviewer: OK to adjust this like this?
```suggestion
   - **DB server**: The IP addresses or hostnames of the nodes, separated by commas. There is no need to specify a port. Specifying a custom port is not supported, and the default port 9042 will be used whether you specify it or not (see [Configuring the IP network ports](xref:Configuring_the_IP_network_ports)). <!-- RN 34590 does not work, so this has been removed for now -->
```
